Tokyo, Love, Farewell
I'm going to the other day
Your sweet eyes, your sweet lips
Everyone, everyone, farewell
The number of memories
Crying and crying
What about tomorrow?
What kind of feeling
I look at the Tokyo sky
Tokyo, Love, Farewell
I'm going to the other day
Your sweet eyes, your sweet lips
Everyone, everyone, farewell
The number of memories
Crying and crying
What about tomorrow?
I'm going to the other day
Tokyo, Love, Farewell
Tonight, the light I see with my tears
The words of dreams, the blues of love
Farewell is sad
Jazz, the sound is nostalgic
The sound of the car ringing in my ears
Shall I call it?
The shadow of love, I will never forget
Tokyo, Love, Farewell